custom timeouts: datasource documentation (#5576)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/d/dev_test_lab.html.markdown

* `tags` - A mapping of tags to assign to the resource.

* `unique_identifier` - The unique immutable identifier of the Dev Test Lab.

### Timeouts

~> **Note:** Custom Timeouts are available [as an opt-in Beta in version 1.43 of the Azure Provider](/docs/providers/azurerm/guides/2.0-beta.html) and will be enabled by default in version 2.0 of the Azure Provider.

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration/resources.html#timeouts) for certain actions:

> * `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Dev Test Lab.

Reviewer: the brand name's DevTest:

```suggestion
* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the DevTest Lab.
```
